This Magnetic Poetry App, built as a React Frontend on a Flask and PostgreSQL Backend, currently lives in development mode. What that means at this time is that the Frontend and Backend must be run separately and simultaneously in order for the user to experience the functionality of the app. In my own development, this has been done by running the 'flask run --debug' command (backend) and the 'npm run dev' command (frontend) in two separate terminal windows within the appropriate directories.

In addition to the dependencies listed in the 'requirements.txt' file on the Backend and straightforward steps for compiling Typescript and React on the Frontend, this project has relied on a few nonstandard resources that are worth noting. In the first place, for the main drag-and-drop functionality featured in the poetry composition UI, I have installed the popular 'react-dnd' package, adhering fairly closely to some exemplary use cases provided by its developers.

It should also be noted that this application relies on two third-party APIs--the 'random word API' hosted on Heroku (to get random words), and the DataMuse API (to get metadata about words, and to retrieve associated words that populate the lists that are passed into the composition UI). The latter in particular presents an extremely rich repository of information that may be used to build greater functionality into future iterations of this project.

Finally, it should be mentioned that, in addition to these APIs, some of the hard-coded sections of the algorithm used to populate word lists were informed by various resources from around the web, particularly some lists of common English verbs for ESL students, and a handy list of common 'function words' (which I sorted by frequency using DataMuse).